# Student_Recommendation_system

The problem of most new incoming students is finding which subject should be taken in which semester, in which order. University has various sources of information (LSF, handbook, etc.) which are available and their information. However, students in the first semester, especially when they’re not yet used to the model of study, might enroll in a class  in the wrong semester, i.e. such that need prerequisites from other subjects or additional information, or might choose one, such that is not completely compatible to their interest. Subjects are organized in modules and are limited to the minimum/maximum credits in its module. Which brings us to the next problem - taking too many subjects in one module so at the end they don’t bring any credits, or taking loo less subjects in one module, which usually lead to struggling finding the rest and extending the time to finish the course. These and more issues we want to remove creating a Student recommendation platform. This platform will make the stress of choosing courses gone and will make the process more logical, easier, faster and efficient.
	Our goal is to help the students in their choice. Our platform will perform analysis and as result it will recommend subjects. Analysis will be done according to course, to the module, semester, already completed subjects, prerequisites (if any). In Statistics will be shown what is the average grade, average attempt to complete the exam, in which semester was most taken. 
	Secondary goal of this platform is to also recommend which career path the student can follow and subjects to be taken according to the chosen path.  Analysis will be done with the help of questionnaire-like results. 
